Script and documentation for new commands RS-163 (#1)
Rokoko/studio-command-api-examples: README.md

--- | ---
device_id | The name/id of the input device, e.g. a Smartsuit Pro, that is attached to the actor you want to reset

> ## Toggle Live Stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Toggle Livestreaming
```

> Take control of enabled / disabled state of a live stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle the livestreaming on/off in Studio, based on Studio-defined settings
```

Command: **livestream**

Parameter | Description
--- | ---

> enabled | pass the true/false value in order to activate or deactivate currently configurated live stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled | pass the true/false value in order to toggle the currently configured livestream on/off
```
